Update docs about EQL CCS (#91542)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/search-across-clusters.asciidoc

[[ccs-version-compatibility]]
include::{es-repo-dir}/search/search-your-data/ccs-version-compat-matrix.asciidoc[]

> IMPORTANT: For the <<eql-search-api,EQL search API>>,
> specific limitations apply, see <<run-eql-search-across-clusters>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: For the <<eql-search-api,EQL search API>>, the local and remote
clusters must use the same {es} version if they have versions prior to 7.17.7 (included) or prior to 8.5.1 (included).
```
